Adding  docs for the `k6/experimental/websockets` module (#933)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/03 websockets/10 WebSocket/30-WebSocket-onerror.md

---
title: 'WebSocket.onerror(callback)'
excerpt: 'Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection error event.'
---

Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection `error` event. That way you can set up the only handler for the `error` event. If you want to have simultaneously multiple event handlers, please use [`WebSocket.addEventHandler()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).

| Parameter | Type     | Description                                  |
| --------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| callback  | function | The function to call when the event happens. |

### Example

> _A k6 script that will initiate WebSocket connection and setups a handler for the `error` event._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_A k6 script that initiates a WebSocket connection and sets up a handler for the `error` event._
```
